Self-Introduction

Hey everyone! I'm Lucas, from Brasilia, Brazil. I started working with computers when I was only 12. My father owned a small local newspaper and had me take tech courses, so I would help him to maintain and configure the office computers (at the time we had Intel 386, 486 and later on the first version of Pentium). But I did not pursue engineering it as a career, I chose business school instead.

Professionaly I did a lot things in life up to this point. Like a lot of people where I come from, I enrolled in night college and started working very early, with 18. I've worked in big tech companies like TCS and IBM but on administrative and managerial roles, such as PMO and Project Manager, with a heavy focus on financially managing projects and portfolios. I've also played my way in the stock market, derivatives included, and real estate market. I had my own company, which was like a "brands assembly line" focused on setting up small services and expanding through microfranchises. The company broke. And I currently work for Brazilian government, at the anti-corruption agency. I enjoy my current job, although is very demanding in terms of office hours, so I have plans to look for a different life style in a few years.

This whole story is to help me explain why I joined DBC. I've always been in close contact with the coding world, but never dove in. This whole time I was curious and wanted a piece of the fun, but I never really placed on top priority till now. I believe coding, which I'm using as a shortcut to say "engineering applications", is a tool that will enable me to do much more, both for my personal goals and my projects at work. But more than that, I actually enjoy coding! I realized that might change some day, but for now I really feel the flow when I'm coding. This is why I joined DBC.

I'm most excited to learn everything. I'm going for this experience with an open mind. I also don't know much to have my own opinions like "A is more interesting than B", so what comes I will happily accept it.

I've checked on my colleague Matt reflections. Like Keenan, it was clear how similar we all are as apprentices. I could relate to his reflections and blog posts as if I was the one writing, down to the point I even felt it was a little scary how similar the thoughts were. I also have to say I was thrilled to read other colleagues life stories and insights I have been receiving on my mailbox. They are not only interesting, but also clarifying and some times enlightening. Thanks for this experience.

Since I work all day, I'm available to pair at night. I'm on BRST which is 6hours+ San Francisco. So in San Francisco time I am available at 2pm to 6pm, weekdays, and 3am to 11am Saturdays. On Sundays I'm usually out rockclimbing. And please don't mind the typos, since English is not my native language I often make mistakes. See you soon!